[datadog_csm_threats_agent_rules] Add ressource and datasource for CSM Threats agent rule (#2316)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/data-sources/csm_threats_agent_rules.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "datadog_csm_threats_agent_rules Data Source - terraform-provider-datadog"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Agent rules.
---

# datadog_csm_threats_agent_rules (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about existing Agent rules.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

> - `agent_rules` (List of Object) List of Agent rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--agent_rules))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agent_rules` (List of Object) List of Agent rules (see [nested schema](#nestedatt--agent_rules) for more information).
```

> - `agent_rules_ids` (List of String) List of IDs of the Agent rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agent_rules_ids` (List of String) List of IDs for the Agent rules.
```
